hi everyone so sorry about the mess
behind me I'm actually like filming
right at my desk area and I've just been
rearranging my room but I wanted to do
this video I actually went to goodwill
the other day on Saturday i think for
their um 50 / sick these are the items
that i picked up i'll start off with the
non clothing items for I picked up these
two glasses this one holds all of my
rings in there and this one just like
all my hair pins and clips and
everything so yeah I just have these two
glasses then I picked up this 10 it has
just a bouquet of roses and doug's on it
and it says peace and on this side it
just has the same um bouquet of roses
and does on there and then pretty sure
I'm just going to put my bracelet in
here or necklaces and whatnot the next
item I picked up is this watch I'm
pretty sure they used to be like jewels
or like gems on here but they fallen off
I have to get this fixed since it does
not look right now and this actually has
an elastic band which I'm kind of
worried about since it doesn't fit my
wrist and I'm not sure if I can alter it
or not I picked up two pairs of shoes
once on each good low that I went to the
first pair i picked up are these boots
they are spiked all the way around
and have three little buckles on here
and a 3 inch heel these boots are by
kelly and katie and one thing i really
like about this shoe is how you know
this top buckle on the other side it
comes down asymmetrically these are a
seven and a half and I'm actually a size
six-and-a-half these in entire shoe size
bigger than what I usually wear but I
just couldn't give it up since it was
the half off sale the next pair of shoes
that I picked up are these brown shoes I
think they're hiking boots since they're
from the company Sonoma they have just a
one inch heel on there and there Lisa
and these are actually a size seven so
it's perfectly other than the fact that
it's just a tiny bit too long for me
let's go to the clothing I've no idea
why but I've just been insanely obsessed
with velvet and like button ups and
everything so I picked up this oxblood
tank and it has just a cream lace trim
on it and it's velvet and it's by banana
republic
and it just looks like this just a
regular tank top then I have another
velvet piece that I picked up it's just
this little jacket and burgundy velvet
jacket
I also picked up this pink shirt it kind
of looks like a hospital gown or like a
nurse gown or something but I'm just
going to wear it as like a dress and I'm
debating whether or not to cut the
sleeves to make it into it just a tank
dress I'm not sure yet and the buttons
here are just snap on buttons then I
picked up this burgundy sheer top and
it's just this t-shirt and this is by
the victoria secret i never knew that
victoria secret sold like shirts or
whatever see it then i picked up this
fun sheer button down the sheer floral
button down I just absolutely love how
the background is black and the flowers
are just so colorful then I picked up
this right red throw and it has ruffles
all the way around it and it's short
sleeved and this is by lane bryant it'll
just be like something that I bring to
school just to keep warm in the
classrooms then I picked up this red and
white striped button down by Ralph
Lauren and this is a hunch % still that
reminds you of a candy cane
I just love how the stripes on the back
or horizontal and then it goes vertical
I also picked up another floral piece
with a white background which gives it
more like a feminine look to it it's
just this button down sleeveless blouse
this is cotton and it's kind of a little
stiff as you can see I'm just not ready
for the cold months and everything since
I'm just picking up tank tops and short
sleeves and everything but here comes
the sweaters I picked up this sweater
and it has a floral kind of embroidery
on it and I call this my grandma sweater
this is super cute this actually fits me
like it's not oversized or anything like
all my other sweaters are the next
sweater that i picked up is from the
men's department it's by gap and it's
just this blue sweater it's not too
thick so this is a pretty thin sweater
and it's just something cute to throw on
when you're in those lazy moon or when
you want to wear something super
comfortable and this last item is my
favorite out of the entire haul I saved
the best for last it's just this tan in
Iraq
and it's by london fog and it just has
this detachable hood it's buttoned and
and I've just been looking for an anorak
for the longest time ever actually kind
of splurged on this this was $15
originally 30 but I was like hey since
it's fifty percent off and I've just
been looking for one for the longest
time ever and it's that time of season
where and it's starting to get cold out
like oh why not just pick it up and one
thing that I love is that it just has
this pocket on the inside just with
secret hidden pocket right here on the
side and it comes with pockets and it
ties at the waist that was my goodwill
haul I hope you guys enjoyed it leave me
a comment down below if you want to see
me style some of these items and don't
forget to like if you enjoyed this and
yeah I will see you guys next time